the revolution are in good form as of
late with solid recent results versus
Philadelphia and Portland tonight they
return to Gillette Stadium for a stretch
of four out of five games here at home
waiting for them a formidable opponent
reals Salt Lake Caldwell steps in furcy
said that defensive midfielder spot he's
gonna be extremely busy tonight covering
a lot of ground the Salt Lake line up
their tried and true floor for two with
the diamond midfield and they're led by
Captain Kyle Beckerman u.s. national
team mainstay too and their teams are
about to kick off against each other the
Reds are their home blues attacking left
to right we are underway the referee
Juan Carlos Rivero social opening of
proceedings is brian guy plays Chris
Tierney back from his suspension for
good days
an Tierney for win puts a foot on it
greats canny plays Benson through Terry
takes a touch round the keeper Kenny's
finished lays it off for four good heads
now Winton to the area goes down right
side of the referee no call it's over
for a corner wow that was a great build
up everything right in the back
you gotta want Gerry Benson just to play
that left foot
he's got the left foot in there Windows
smart ones to play questionable for the
pique might have gone down a little easy
but we got to see Gerry Benson get that
second goal for himself this season he's
got to play it left footed there second
corner for the revs this time it's
tyranny from the near side will take
with the left foot is there some barging
going on with Schuler leaning on big
macca Stephen McCarthy trying to get
near post now on crowded to the penalty
spot
then swinging ball for tyranny Raimondo
punch is clear there's one area weakness
for Nick Rimando is added
this is Ryan guy
Rose sprays of wide for goodness Ken
swinger now win left it out there here's
Diego takes a left footed shot beaten
away by the keeper Raimondo went low to
make the save
Cheryl heads it forward for New England
win slides it ro runs through it keeps
car great play by telling ro striding
forward has Benton cuts it back
weird
Webster
stop by Calandra
vendors tackle picks up his head doesn't
know where to go then waterfall through
a trip by Ryan guy from 18 yards out
Road just picks them out sees them
coming through on stride Vermont Oh has
no chance
what a great beautiful finish by by Ryan
guy in the little robbie keane s
cartwheel and flip to finish it off what
a great shot stopper here's how good is
he is just distributing it we talked
about his excellent demeanor what a
credit he is to the game about his - and
unless championship rings and so after
we said all those things only then can
we comment about his height in terms of
his ability to deal with balls in the
air is the shuttle work makes a great
save spilled it but it was an open
header force and of all well that was a
huge saved by Bobby shot works right
there again I don't care how big or
small you are for a big man he got down
extremely quick to make that send of all
founds himself right there on the top of
the six great snapped me header right
down Bobby does well to get himself down
low makes it quick early save the son
you've got 20 minutes to keep this game
help-help shut it out keep possession
and trying to spur the attack and can't
afford to lose in dangerous spot right
in the middle of field
Beltran service Garcia goes up warden
still loose Farrell went hard shop uncle
ask is another pic save it now it's 1 1
this time Santa Bell makes no mistake
and Salt Lake are back on level terms
it's a first every on the ice goals with
rookie sound of all ascent of all did
well just following up the play get reps
can't clear the ball they let an easy
cross coming come in there just like we
see here ball gets in that mix reps
can't clear it out ball gets out wide
less cos does well to beat the ball good
shot good solid save and just can't
clear that out
Rebs been playing dangerous we've seen
it coming for the last 10 15 minutes and
now they've shown they just can't be
able to clear it got to be able to clear
that ball they were looking for number
two to put Real Salt Lake out of the out
of the way but Salt Lake comes back with
a good goal fired up
to the top of the box for Beckerman is
open it stings it beating away by
shuttle our follow-up effort is in the
rims have conceded late and it's to one
because she is celebrating the ribs race
it out to midfield but they may be out
of time what a disasters - rain falls in
Foxborough the skies have opened up and
the Reds give up a late goal here now
you can see it right off the bat he just
finds
bekommen right what a shot right from
the top of the box full out volley then
Garcia just pounces on that rebound so -
what does well to get that first save
Garcia just find themselves sprawled out
on the ground for a way to turn around
great rip right in the corner I'll cast
force net no he would not clear Toa
sends it wide for tyranny good delivery
headed down shot for offside and
apparently called the favor of New
England the res finally get the rub
and the benefit of the referee's whistle
McCarthy went down the penalty was
called and Salcido gets a second yellow
I don't know if he should be arguing he
should have been out of the game
probably 70 minutes ago with that high
boom and it's a cold early ER but
McCarthy just stayin in the mix they
wasn't the foul was a nut McCarthy was
on somebody else with Sal Sato is just
tugging you think he takes out Kellen ro
yeah neither you pull them down
news around the Jerry Benson on the
fruitcake a few minutes ago
sand over the ball
we'll be first
first goal of the season
since run-up saved by Raimondo
and Nick Rimando is congratulated by his
teammates Jane heats can't believe it
the ribs rust to take the corner kick
I'm swinger and then the enter by scent
only of the bar and he'll be sick as the
ribs and their fans all right now you
see a great build-up look how big that
goal is Armando makes it look extremely
small and since Tut steps up not the
best kick that he's definitely gonna
want that back but he's not gonna get it
reminded with a great save that's why
he's one of my less best but you see
girls you get up he's playing something
happened behind the plate but that may
be enough to see RSL to full-time
they're gonna feel great about this they
will they were coming in just being
happy to get to one point then they come
in with three
two late goals by RSL and then a penalty
kick save by Nick Rimando